Pretty convenient time for Ronnie to die, don't you think?
What do you mean by that?
I know what you're after, Dan.
So, considering you already know my identity, why don't we just come to the chase and start working together here?
I get you your money, you give me a cut.
What's your plan?
This is a friend of mine.
It's got all the connections.
It's your illegal risk involved.
If you changed the will, why is the last world different from the one you changed?
I've got no idea.
Daniel, I heard you were shopping around for some prices, but all of them were through the roofs.
It was quite the deal breaker.
You got to take this deal with me or you can walk away.
That's up to you.
We'll see you guys around.
What do you want me to say, Evan?
You never trusted me.
Getting close to me is your plan from the start.
Even this whole love thing that was just a ploy, right?
So, you just had me come up here to give me my walking papers, son.
You're just seeing the truth.